Add documentation for v2 repository fields (#10033)
composer/composer: doc/05-repositories.md

This field is optional.

### metadata-url, available-packages and available-package-patterns

The `metadata-url` field allows you to provide a URL template to serve all
packages which are in the repository. It must contain the placeholder
`%package%`.

> This field is new in Composer v2, and is prioritised over the
> `provider-includes` and `providers-url` fields. For compatibility with both
> Composer v1 and v2, and we recommend providing both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field is new in Composer v2, and is prioritised over the
`provider-includes` and `providers-url` fields if both are present.
For compatibility with both Composer v1 and v2 you ideally want
to provide both. New repository implementations may only need to
support v2 however.
```

An example:

```json
{
    "metadata-url": "/p2/%package%.json"
}
```

Whenever Composer looks for a package, it will replace `%package%` by the
package name, and fetch that URL. If dev stability is allowed for the package,
it will also load the URL again with `$packageName~dev` (e.g.
`/p2/foo/bar~dev.json` to look for `foo/bar`'s dev versions).

The `foo/bar.json` and `foo/bar~dev.json` files containing package versions
MUST contain only versions for the foo/bar package, as
`{"packages":{"foo/bar":[ ... versions here ... ]}}`.

Caching is done via the use of If-Modified-Since header, so make sure you
return Last-Modified headers and that they are accurate.

> The array of versions can also optionally be minified using
> `Composer\Util\MetadataMinifier::minify()`. If you do that, you should add a
> `"minified": "composer/2.0"` key at the top level to indicate to Composer it
> must expand the version list back into the original data. See
> https://repo.packagist.org/p2/monolog/monolog.json for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The array of versions can also optionally be minified using
`Composer\MetadataMinifier\MetadataMinifier::minify()` from
[composer/metadata-minifier](https://packagist.org/packages/composer/metadata-minifier).
If you do that, you should add a `"minified": "composer/2.0"` key
at the top level to indicate to Composer it must expand the version
list back into the original data. See 
https://repo.packagist.org/p2/monolog/monolog.json for an example.
```
